Add docs for new validation features in .NET 11 Preview 5 (#37235)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/globalization-localization.md

<span aria-hidden="true">❌</span><span class="visually-hidden">Not supported:</span> <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.IHtmlLocalizer> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Localization.IViewLocalizer> are ASP.NET Core MVC features and *not supported* in Blazor apps.

:::moniker range="< aspnetcore-11.0"

> For Blazor apps, localized validation messages for [forms validation using data annotations](<xref:blazor/forms/validation#data-annotations-validator-component-and-custom-validation>) is supported if <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.DisplayAttribute.ResourceType?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute.ErrorMessageResourceType?displayProperty=nameWithType> are implemented.

Author: ```suggestion
For Blazor apps, localization of validation messages for [forms validation using data annotations](<xref:blazor/forms/validation#data-annotations-validator-component-and-custom-validation>) is supported if <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.DisplayAttribute.ResourceType?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.ValidationAttribute.ErrorMessageResourceType?displayProperty=nameWithType> are implemented.
```
